hotspot Shield service makes your
internet browsing safer more secure and
fully private click now to learn more
this my friends is the next gaming
peripheral that you need I think need is
a pretty strong word especially
considering the fact that it costs over
$100 so if that scares you off then
now's the time to go but this is my
unboxing and overview of the skin key
footboard the name it stinks but the
product itself actually is outstanding
alright so let's see what's inside the
box I've been informed I have 80
salesmen here but I actually kind of
like it so maybe I'll maybe I'll stick
with this look let me know in the
comments if you think that I should I
should stick with this or just get a
haircut you hippie that's fine too
so once we open it up we find the stinky
foot board which is a four button foot
pedal so this differs from the more
traditional foot pedals in that it has
four buttons as opposed to a single
button we also find some Springs that
are color-coded they have different
tensions so the blue one is actually the
lightest one with the red one and the
green one being the yes the middle and
then the hardest one non respectively
because I said them in the wrong order
also inside we're going to find a
detachable USB cable this is actually
quite important for a product like this
more on that in a moment that plugs into
the bottom of the unit and last but not
least the allen key that will allow us
to swap out these springs should we so
desire so let's talk construction guys
if this is something that you're
expected to put your foot on or
basically stomp on it's going to have to
be well built
now I'm informed that the one that I was
jumping on at PAX have actually been run
over by a car and was still functioning
so how do they achieve that well it's
got a t6 aluminum top plate it has a
stainless steel center pivot bearing and
a steel internal brace so the plastic
that you're seeing here isn't all that
there is to it it uses a custom PCB on
the bottom and even down to things like
the switches that they're using at all
four corners I hope I can show you guys
this get you an angle on it there you go
oh yeah that's Cherry MX blue so you're
going to get a 50 milli
in actuation cycle out of each direction
on the stinky foot board another
durability feature we find on the bottom
is that detachable cord I talked about
before this is important for a couple of
reasons number one is this thing lives
under your desk so the odds of this cord
getting destroyed are much higher than
something else number two is because it
lives under your desk and we don't know
exactly where your pc might be being
able to replace the standard length
cable with something that's longer or
shorter might help it fit in better with
your cable management strategy now they
don't rely just on the detachable cable
to save it in the event of you know a
cat or a foot accidently catching on it
and there's actually a little cable
routing c-shape here that will keep it
from putting tension on the connector at
a weird awkward angle no matter what you
do to the wire also on the bottom we
find the adjustable spring so we found
those tension springs inside the box you
actually get ten springs total which was
a little odd to me because I would have
thought they would just include four of
each but you can see the stock load out
has blue springs on the sides so
remember those are slightly lighter
tension and Green Springs on the ends so
this can be adjusted to your heart's
content the only configuration you can't
have is four of the heaviest Springs the
red one so it looks like the way they
expect you to use it is heavier ones in
the front and back because you're going
to have more leverage when you're
pressing down and then lighter Springs
on the sides so this adjustability is
great because you might want to use at a
number of different ways whether it's
putting your foot on it this way putting
your foot on it this way leaning to the
sides that way you want to be able to
adjust it to whatever suits you best now
what is the functionality of this thing
exactly well it's different from other
foot pedals in that there's four
different ways you can go with the
buttons so this just gives you more
functionality than just binding
something to push-to-talk or binding
something to close all your windows when
someone opens up the door behind you or
whenever else you might have bound to a
foot pedal no this is more for if you
need additional modifiers or additional
hotkeys so here's a great example as
people will say well okay I've already
got six buttons or twelve buttons or
sixteen buttons on the side of my mouth
why do I need another four buttons and
the answer is because however many
buttons you might have
accessible to your thumb you still only
have one thumb so this is another
function that you can enable at the same
time as your thumb so the ways that I
see it being most useful are for things
where your your finger that would
otherwise be executing that action could
be tied up so if I'm strafing to the
right and I need to reload and I don't
necessarily want to stop strafing to the
right if I bind my reload here boom I
can reload without ever taking a break
without ever stopping moving another
great example push-to-talk if I don't
want to hold down my left thumb which is
what I used to bind the two left thumb
if I don't want to hold that down while
I'm talking to my teammates and I don't
believe in using voice detection because
you know who knows what I might be
saying to the people around me that I
don't want on my gaming buddies hearing
or who knows who might walk into my room
and be inappropriate then what I can do
is I can just bind it here so I can just
step and do that and not have it
interrupt my gameplay even when I'm
speaking and there's endless
opportunities for bindings like this
that are different than what you would
otherwise have access to so for example
it supports for modifier keys now so
that's ctrl alt shift and the windows
key giving you up to 16 functions down
here you can do all kinds of crazy stuff
like you could bind diagonal movement is
another thing that it does now or you
could bind different potions or
different spells instead of using I mean
I have small hands so reaching up to the
number keys for my tool belt actually
isn't always necessarily that convenient
so having something like even two of
these under my feet and having them
bound to the first eight slots there
would be much more efficient than me
taking my fingers off of the movement
keys and then potentially not even
finding my way back so the functionality
is all configurable within the driver
which they're constantly updating and I
think it's really cool not only for your
typical gamer but also for people with
disabilities as well so there you have
one testimonial on their site that I
think is really cool so the guy has it
bound to wasd for his feet and then he
doesn't have a left arm so he uses the
right hand and then I guess you can bind
all those you know fancy pants extra
mouse buttons you have to all the other
things you need to do and enjoy a gaming
experience that you otherwise couldn't
if you were limited to only being able
to control your games with your hand so
I think that's really cool it's not
cheap it's a hundred and twenty bucks
they asked me to mention that it's
available at future shop and Best Buy
although I should also probably mention
that my affiliate link is under the
video in the description so if you want
to help us out then you can order there
as well if you're interested in it if
you're not interested in it I think I
have a pretty good idea what your
objections going to be it's really
expensive it's over a hundred dollars
for what is effectively four buttons so
if you were to just evaluate the cost of
your hardware like per button with a
keyboard you could spend over $100 on a
mechanical keyboard and get over a
hundred buttons but it's not necessarily
that simple they're a startup company
they have to have money to repay
whatever loans they've incurred up till
now they have to have money to reinvest
and make new products especially if you
want to see maybe a lower-cost version
in the future or you know maybe like a
tone controller so that you can use your
mouth to issue additional commands I
mean I could be very cool the more ways
we have to interface with our computer
the better and I personally am willing
to help them out with that now I mean I
mean think about it I was even talking
about a USB butt plug not that long ago
imagine that is a control device
clenched for push-to-talk like clinch to
Prohm every time someone jumps out from
a corner you get all tense you just
automatically prone that's amazing
that's great functionality I bet that is
a million-dollar idea right there anyway
press liked if you liked the video press
dislike if you disliked the video if you
felt very strongly about that
inappropriate final comment there leave
a comment on the video letting me know
what you think of the stinky football
what would you guys be willing to pay if
you know you had to wait a year or
something like that for a lower cost
alternative or would you be willing to
pony up for this one right now and as
always don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos